README.md, before:

## ToDO:
 - [ ] ***Documentation***
   - [ ] **layers**
     - [ ] **attention_modules**
       - [ ] **attention_mechanisms**
           - [ ] base.py
           - [ ] dot_product.py
       - [ ] **head_reductions**
           - [ ] base.py
           - [ ] concat.py
       - [ ] **output_modules**
           - [ ] base.py
           - [ ] linear.py
           - [ ] none.py
       - [ ] **qkv_maps**
           - [ ] base.py
           - [ ] linear.py
       - [ ] base.py
       - [ ] classical.py
     - [ ] base.py
     - [ ] classical.py
   - [ ] README.md
   - [ ] Transformer base.py
   - [ ] Transformer classical.py

 - [ ] ***Tests***
   - [ ] **layers**
     - [ ] **attention_modules**
       - [ ] **attention_mechanisms**
           - [ ] base.py
           - [ ] dot_product.py
       - [ ] **head_reductions**
           - [ ] base.py
           - [ ] concat.py
       - [ ] **output_modules**
           - [ ] base.py
           - [ ] linear.py
           - [ ] none.py
       - [ ] **qkv_maps**
           - [ ] base.py
           - [ ] linear.py
       - [ ] base.py
       - [ ] classical.py
     - [ ] base.py
     - [ ] classical.py
   - [ ] README.md
   - [ ] Transformer base.py
   - [ ] Transformer classical.py

Commit message:

Add qkv_maps.base documentation

README.md, after:

This documentation is ordered based on submodules, which reflect the model structure.

## Transformer

### layers

#### attention_modules

##### attention_mechanisms

##### head_reductions

##### output_modules

##### qkv_maps


## ToDO:
 - [ ] ***Documentation***
   - [ ] **layers**
     - [ ] **attention_modules**
       - [ ] **attention_mechanisms**
           - [ ] base.py
           - [ ] dot_product.py
       - [ ] **head_reductions**
           - [ ] base.py
           - [ ] concat.py
       - [ ] **output_modules**
           - [ ] base.py
           - [ ] linear.py
           - [ ] none.py
       - [ ] **qkv_maps**
           - [x] base.py
           - [ ] linear.py
       - [ ] base.py
       - [ ] classical.py
     - [ ] base.py
     - [ ] classical.py
   - [ ] README.md
   - [ ] Transformer base.py
   - [ ] Transformer classical.py

 - [ ] ***Tests***
   - [ ] **layers**
     - [ ] **attention_modules**
       - [ ] **attention_mechanisms**
           - [ ] base.py
           - [ ] dot_product.py
       - [ ] **head_reductions**
           - [ ] base.py
           - [ ] concat.py
       - [ ] **output_modules**
           - [ ] base.py
           - [ ] linear.py
           - [ ] none.py
       - [ ] **qkv_maps**
           - [ ] base.py
           - [ ] linear.py
       - [ ] base.py
       - [ ] classical.py
     - [ ] base.py
     - [ ] classical.py
   - [ ] README.md
   - [ ] Transformer base.py
   - [ ] Transformer classical.py
